Add HCP-Vagrant docs section with Migration Guide & Troubleshooting pages (#13385)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/content/vagrant-cloud/hcp-vagrant/migration-guide.mdx

---
layout: vagrant-cloud

> page_title: Migrating to HCP Vagrant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry 
```

> description: "Step by step guide to using Vagrant Cloud's HCP Vagrant Migration Tools"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Use Vagrant Cloud's migration tools to move all your artifacts to HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP)."
```

---

> # Migrating to HCP Vagrant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry 
```

> ~> Note: Vagrant Cloud will be migrated to HCP Vagrant at the end of July 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> Note: Vagrant Cloud will be migrated to HCP Vagrant Registry at the end of July 2024.
```

## Overview

HCP [Vagrant Registry](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/vagrant/discover), like Vagrant Cloud, is a public, searchable index of Vagrant boxes that allows box owners to host and share artifacts.

To take advantage of shared infrastructure and platform investments available on the Hashicorp Cloud Platform (HCP), Hashicorp is migrating all existing boxes to HCP Vagrant Registry and retiring the current Vagrant Cloud rails app at the end of July 2024.

> Migrated organizations will be permanently accessible at their original Vagrant Cloud URLs and won’t require changes to user workflows. Migrated registries will have access to the modern HCP Vagrant UI, an improved search experience, and free private boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated organizations will be permanently accessible at their original Vagrant Cloud URLs and won’t require changes to user workflows. Migrated registries will have access to the modern HCP Vagrant Registry UI, an improved search experience, and free private boxes.
```

Those who take no action will have their boxes migrated as part of the site wide migration. The Vagrant team will maintain redirects to ensure users can expect all existing URLs and workflows to operate as usual after migration regardless of how boxes are migrated.

## Prerequisites

Before you continue with this guide, you should familiarize yourself with a few new resource management concepts in HCP and HCP Vagrant Registry.

###### Registries

> The collection that holds a user’s boxes, the registry name is incorporated into the first half of resource names, e.g `hashicorp/atlas`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The collection that holds a user’s boxes, the registry name is incorporated into the first half of resource names. For example, `hashicorp/atlas`.
```

~> Note: An HCP registry is analogous to an Organization in Vagrant Cloud. A given HCP project may have an unlimited number of registries.

##### HCP Organizations

> [HCP organizations](/hcp/docs/hcp/admin/orgs) are parent-level entities that can have up to ten projects.A single HCP account can be a member of multiple organizations, as an invited user, but can only create and own a single organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HCP organizations](/hcp/docs/hcp/admin/orgs) are parent-level entities that can have up to ten projects. A single HCP account can be a member of multiple organizations, as an invited user, but can only create and own a single organization.
```

Author: The idea with this change was to use the header-anchor hooks. I'd originally tried to create explicit anchors but for some reason the links to them just didn't jump back up the page.  It's not a long guide so maybe its fine to drop but I just wanted to explain the functionality that motivated this.

##### HCP Projects

[HCP projects](/hcp/docs/hcp/admin/orgs) allow organization owners to segment resources by team, environment, etc. Resources such as HCP Vagrant Registries, Hashicorp Virtual Private Networks (HPN). Each organization is assigned a `default-project` at creation and may have up to 10 projects.

> #### Create an HCP Vagrant Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create an HCP Vagrant Registry account
```

> To use the Vagrant Cloud migration tool you must define an organization and project within an HCP account and be signed into an active session on that account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Vagrant Cloud migration tool, you must define an organization and project within an HCP account and be signed into an active session on that account.
```

> Your HCP account must use the email address associated with your Vagrant Cloud account.Check under `Settings→ Profile` if you are unsure what email address you use for Vagrant Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your HCP account must use the email address associated with your Vagrant Cloud account. Check under `Settings→ Profile` if you are unsure what email address you use for Vagrant Cloud.
```

> 1. Sign up for a (free) [HCP account](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/orgs/create), with your primary Vagrant Cloud organization email address. You must verify your account and sign in to HCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign up for a (free) [HCP account](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/orgs/create), with your primary Vagrant Cloud organization email address. You must verify your account and sign into HCP.
```

> 2. At first log-in, use the wizard to create an HCP organization.

Author: no, it doesn't refer to itself.  It forces you to walk through the steps upon login.

> 3. Once you have created an organization you will be dropped into the dashboard for your `default-project`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On creation of your organization, you will be directed to the dashboard for your `default-project`.
```

>    - If you desire, you can create an additional project from the Projects Page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>      - To get there, click `Projects` in the breadcrumbs at the top of the Dashboard page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>      - A single organization may have up to 10 projects and each of those projects can have an unlimited number of [Registries](#registries) and Boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Now that you have a project in an HCP Account that uses the same email address as your Vagrant Cloud account, you’re ready to start migrating boxes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Now that you have a project in an HCP Account that uses the same email address as your Vagrant Cloud account, you can begin the migration process.
```

## Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry

#### 1. Sign in to both accounts and open the migration tool

> Once you have signed into both your HCP and Vagrant Cloud accounts, you can access the [migration tool](https://app.vagrantup.com/migration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have signed into both your HCP and Vagrant Cloud accounts, you can access the [migration tool](https://app.vagrantup.com/migration).
```

> To auto-populate the migration tool with a specific Vagrant Cloud `Organization` click on the `Migrate to HCP` button in the top right corner of your [settings](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings) page .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To auto-populate the migration tool with a specific Vagrant Cloud `Organization` click on the `Migrate to HCP` button in the top right corner of your [settings](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings) page.
```

#### 2. Select a Vagrant Cloud organization to migrate

> Select a single organization to migrate or select the `Migrate all organizations` checkbox to migrate them all at once to a single HCP Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a single organization from the dropdown to migrate or select the checkbox `Migrate all organizations`  to migrate them all at once to a single HCP Project.
```

> You may select any of the organizations listed in the Vagrant Cloud organization drop-down, even if a specific organization was pre-populated after navigating to the migration tool from your [Settings](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select any of the organizations listed in the Vagrant Cloud organization dropdown, even if a specific organization was pre-populated.
```

##### 3. Select a destination project in HCP

> If you have multiple projects in HCP, select the desired project from the HCP Project drop-down. If you have not created a second project the `default-project` will be auto-selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple projects in HCP, select the project you want from the HCP Project dropdown. If you have not created a second project the `default-project` will be auto-selected.
```

> When preparing for migration it is worth noting the following:

Reviewer: I might move this entire section under the "## Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry" header and change it to paragraph form.

- Your Vagrant Cloud Organization will be put into a read-only state and marked `Migrating` until the migration is complete. During this time boxes will be available in searches and to download, but write functionality like uploading new boxes, releasing versions, and managing settings for your Vagrant Cloud Organization will be unavailable.
- Your new HCP Registry will not be available until the migration is complete.
- When you migrate your default organization your Profile Settings (user name, gravatar url, etc) will no longer be available to manage in Vagrant Cloud and should be managed from your [HCP Settings](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/account-settings).

#### 4. Start the migration

After you press the `Migrate` button you will be redirected to a status page that will keep you updated on the progress of your migration.

#### 5. Visit your Registry in HCP

> Once your migration is complete you can view your new Registry in HCP!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your migration is complete you can view your new Registry in HCP.
```

> You can see your registries by clicking on[ Vagrant Registry](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries) in the side panel or by visiting [https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view your registries , click on [Vagrant Registry](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries) in the side panel or by visiting [https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries).
```

It is important to note that while a migrated organization will no longer be available in Vagrant Cloud the status of the migration will be visible from the `Status` tab on the [Migration](https://app.vagrantup.com/migration) page.

## Conclusion

> If for some reason you are unable to access your new HCP Registry or your migration does not complete in a timely fashion check our [Troubleshooting Guide ](/vagrant/vagrant-cloud/hcp-vagrant/troubleshooting)or contact us at [support@hashicorp.com](mailto:support@hashicorp.com) with the subject `Vagrant Migration`. Our team will be happy to help you complete your migration or reset your organization state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If for some reason you are unable to access your new HCP Registry or your migration does not complete successfully, review the [Migration Troubleshooting guide ](/vagrant/vagrant-cloud/hcp-vagrant/troubleshooting)or contact us at [support@hashicorp.com](mailto:support@hashicorp.com) with the subject `HCP Vagrant Migration`. Our team will be happy to help you complete your migration or reset your organization state.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you delete this white space at the end?

Author: I installed the weirdest super-linter and it has been driving me crazy. sorry about this.

---
layout: vagrant-cloud
page_title: Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry
description: "Use Vagrant Cloud's migration tools to move all your artifacts to HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP)."
---

# Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry

~> Note: Vagrant Cloud will be migrated to HCP Vagrant Registry at the end of July 2024.
Your Vagrant Cloud Organization will be put into a read-only state and marked `Migrating` until the migration is complete. During this time boxes will be available in searches and to download, but write functionality like uploading new boxes, releasing versions, and managing settings for your Vagrant Cloud Organization will be unavailable. Your new HCP Registry will not be available until the migration is complete.

When you migrate your default organization your Profile Settings (user name, gravatar url, etc) will no longer be available to manage in Vagrant Cloud and should be managed from your [HCP Settings](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/account-settings).

## Overview

HCP [Vagrant Registry](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/vagrant/discover), like Vagrant Cloud, is a public, searchable index of Vagrant boxes that allows box owners to host and share artifacts.

> To take advantage of shared infrastructure and platform investments available on the Hashicorp Cloud Platform (HCP), Hashicorp is migrating all existing boxes to HCP Vagrant Registry and retiring the current Vagrant Cloud rails app at the end of July 2024.

Reviewer 2: I think you can replace `rails app` with just `application` here.

To use the Vagrant Cloud migration tool, you must define an organization and project within an HCP account and be signed into an active session on that account.

Your HCP account must use the email address associated with your Vagrant Cloud account. Check under `Settings → Profile` if you are unsure what email address you use for Vagrant Cloud.

1. Sign up for a (free) [HCP account](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/orgs/create), with your primary Vagrant Cloud organization email address. You must verify your account and sign into HCP.
2. At first log-in, use the wizard to create an HCP organization.
3. On creation of your organization, you will be directed to the dashboard for your `default-project`. You can create an additional project from the Projects page.
4. Now that you have a project in an HCP Account that uses the same email address as your Vagrant Cloud account, you can begin the migration process.

## Migrate to HCP Vagrant Registry

#### 1. Sign in to both accounts and open the migration tool

Once you have signed into both your HCP and Vagrant Cloud accounts, you can access the [migration tool](https://app.vagrantup.com/migration).

> To auto-populate the migration tool with a specific Vagrant Cloud `Organization` click on the `Migrate to HCP` button in the top right corner of your [settings](https://app.vagrantup.com/settings) page.

Reviewer 2: I think this line can be dropped. The auto-selected organization thing is really only useful for the button in the settings.

Author: Sounds good, I also removed a reference to auto-population two lines below this to be consistent.

- Your new HCP Registry will not be available until the migration is complete.
- When you migrate your default organization your Profile Settings (user name, gravatar url, etc) will no longer be available to manage in Vagrant Cloud and should be managed from your [HCP Settings](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/account-settings).

#### 4. Start the migration

After you press the `Migrate` button you will be redirected to a status page that will keep you updated on the progress of your migration.

#### 5. Visit your Registry in HCP

Once your migration is complete you can view your new Registry in HCP.

To view your registries , click on [Vagrant Registry](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries) in the side panel or by visiting [https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/services/vagrant/registries).

It is important to note that while a migrated organization will no longer be available in Vagrant Cloud the status of the migration will be visible from the `Status` tab on the [Migration](https://app.vagrantup.com/migration) page.

## Conclusion

> If for some reason you are unable to access your new HCP Registry or your migration does not complete successfully, review the [Migration Troubleshooting] (/vagrant/vagrant-cloud/hcp-vagrant/troubleshooting) guide or contact us at [support@hashicorp.com](mailto:support@hashicorp.com) with the subject `HCP Vagrant Migration`. Our team will be happy to help you complete your migration or reset your organization state.

Reviewer 2: The email address used here should be: support+vagrantcloud@hashicorp.com
